Smells so bad, people will quarantine you even without a lockdown

Value for money and stays for long hours

Didn't expected this from fog spray

This product is very excellent 

Very bad smell

Nice fragrance but slightly high price

The scent's initial impression is good. Just checked after receiving. Will better know after couple of days usage. But.. disappointed with the package as the cap was not sealed and the body had dents, as if like older or used product

Nice fragrance.

Though there was no Cap, Product is Good. Value for money.

Good scent by fogg lasts pretty long

It's not lasting more than 3hrs don't buy it if you want long lasting perfect

Product super but small damaged

Faded away

Not long-lasting

Product is very budget friendly but nothing you'll like to wear around, you might question "Whether this smell is good?" so won't recommend it. Suitable for those who just want a perfume and any smell will do fine

Container is damaged i.e. dent in 3 places

Excellent product

I think best quality product 

This fragrance is so awesome,I like So much & good packeeing

At first i thought it may be a fake beacuse there is tsunami of fake perfumes online and offline, but it is original so go for it,
Check for the fogg marking on the cap and the can outlet should have a transparent plastic seal.

Regret to buy

I have been using long time since the launch of Fogg and it's none of the deo has lete down ever.

It's really a very good scent. Also in nice price. But the seller and company should improve their products by giving a little quality in seal packing. My product was temporarily sealed by a plastic tape which was not good to see. The company or provider and quality team should check this. All over it's good.

I usually purchase based on riviews,
I really wonder why so much people given 5 stars!!!!!

Just invest more and buy different product. Smells good but it doesn’t last for more than 2 hours and protection also not good quantity okay .


